Individual Contributions Breakdown
	➢ Zach Bryant
	○ Group Leader
		■ Communication
		○ Contribute to Proposal Report

	➢ Mustafa Muhammad
		○ Contribute to Proposal Report
		○ Backend Development
		○ Contribute to FInal Presentation and Report
	➢ 
	○ Contribute to Proposal Report

	➢ Jovan Djordjevic
		○ Contribute to Proposal Report
	
	➢ Sarah Ogorzaly
	○ Contribute to Proposal Report
	
	➢ 
	○ Contribute to Proposal Report



Abstract - (Mustafa Muhammad)
	Our group will be creating the Ordering System which is Project 4. Through this application users will be able to order food at a diner, call service, make 
  configurations to their order during prep time, and other adjustments as necessary. By being a member of the restaurant users will be able to use VIP points 
  provided as a program on a case by case basis depending on each individual program. Additional features include users being able to adjust appointment times, 
  see a menu, and checkout all through the application with a graphical interface. In short, users will have a fully functioning web application at their fingertips 
  which will allow them to order food and perform other needed functionalities at a restaurant. The project will be divided up into various tasks pertaining to each 
  individual’s skill set and desires suited for them. Tasks can be done in teams depending on the nature of the subject. All members will be able to view the source 
  code through a Github repository and communicate with each other through email or a Discord server. Weekly or bi-weekly meetings will be conducted to ensure proper 
  accordance with our project timeline and that everyone is on track to meet deadlines in May. Tasks that are needed to be completed for final submission of this project
  have been broken down into a modular format so that each group member can communicate and see how said tasks shall be distributed amongst one another. 
  Throughout the process the TA Shenthan or Professor Essa will be contacted if we need to ask questions or request specifications for the project. Using what is 
  taught in the coursework or group will utilize software engineering practices to ensure proper completion of the project at hand. Lastly, a final presentation will
  be given to show our finished product
  
Intro - (Mustafa Muhammad)

	With the world progressing more and more towards a digital future, items in our everyday lives are becoming digitized. This includes career fairs, shopping,
	and of course going out to eat at a restaurant. Menus have become digital not only on websites, but even in-house. Rather than sipping on a beverage provided 
	by the waiter while deciding what you want to eat from a laminated sheet, people are now simply looking at the menu from the app through their phones. Even 
	more so, people can request table service, order through the app, make changes, and more without the need to find and ask a waiter for what they need. The 
	action of using an application makes the whole restaurant experience more streamlined and efficient. Current implementations of this design include any 
	restaurants which require you to use applications from which to order from. Uber Eats, a widely used mobile application actually brings many restaurant 
	portfolios into one app making the process of searching for an individual restaurant and then using their application much easier. Currently, all fast-food 
	chains have mobile and web applications from which you can order food including McDonald’s, Chipotle, Taco Bell, and many more to say the least. Forbes
	writes in How Uber Eats is Turning Into a Billion-Dollar Business to Rival Grubhub that “Uber Eats is on track to deliver some $10 billion worth of food 
	worldwide this year, up from an estimated $6 billion-plus last year”. Alex Samuely writes in McDonald’s 7M app downloads highlights effectiveness of relevant 
	incentives that “McDonald’s revealed it has seen more than seven million downloads of its mobile application since the fall 2015 launch”. Previous work from
	group members with building such applications including courses such as CIS 408 (Internet Programming), currently building an application for their senior 
	design project, and just recently building an expense tracker web application with React in CIS 434 (Software Engineering). The significance of taking part 
	in this project is to develop and enhance our understanding of web applications rather than presenting a new state of the art solution ready for the market. 
	By taking what we have already learned from previous coursework and building on top of it with current software engineering practices we aim to learn new 
	skills and at the same time develop a professional level solution. We plan to use React as a base for our frontend development along with Node.js to tackle 
	the backend. To handle our database management system we will use MySQL as it pertains to our group’s experience. All in all, from this project we hope to
	learn more about software engineering as a whole while individually developing our skills for the industry.  

Methodology - (Jovan Djordjevic / )
	As previously stated, we will be using React to build a web application for our ordering system. Node.js will be used to handle the backend portion of the web
app. To create our initial design, we primarily will be using HTML and CSS. We all have experience using these languages due to our previous project in CIS 434, so
there should be at most minimal issues while working with them. Any additional updates to the interface could also be implemented with JavaScript but likely will not
be needed. At the moment, we have created a temporary template that will be referenced once we begin developing the web app. We have some ideas to store all of the
data that will be used in our project, including using some databases such as MySQL, Firebase, or simply implementing the JavaScript LocalStorage function throughout
the application. As we build our application, we will be making sure to call back to the method we use to store our data to be sure that all the data can be saved
efficiently.



Professional Awareness - (Sarah Ogorzaly/   )
	It is important to contextualize the ethical intricacies of developing a new software. Although the software we plan to develop is ambitious 
in that it challenges us to improve our teamwork skills and broaden our knowledge of web development, our project is not being developed in a corporate environment and
it could be argued that we do not need to worry about making sure every aspect of our project is professional as some of us are still learning how to develop quality 
work in the context of a team. Despite this point, we must always be striving to abide by the responsibilities of a professional. In other words, we must make sure 
In doing so we note that nothing is produced in complete isolation. Whether a software is shared with a public audience or not, its creation is influenced 
by a multitude of other works. These influences are an accumulation of others' hard work and breakthroughs and it is vital that credit is given where credit is due. 
To live by this message, we will take the utmost care in citing the works we use as either inspiration or as guidance in our problem solving. Moreover, 
we aim to support the progress and contributions of our individual team members by supporting each team member for their individual achievements. 
	The ethics of developing software does not end here, software impacts all levels of people’s lives. Our particular software is a restaurant ordering system.
Its intended use is to give customers a streamlined process in ordering their food.  For this process to be worthwhile, we must be conscientious to deliver a 
working software that meets all of its intended requirements. Failing to do so puts us at risk for not setting out what we intended to do and compromises the 
integrity of our job as computing professionals. Although this project is being developed in an academic setting, consider the possibility that the ordering 
system was being developed for a local restaurant. Presenting our completed project with bugs or loose ends would tarnish the trust between us and our commissioner, 
as the local restaurant chose us to develop a working and convenient system for the customers of their establishment. An unsatisfactory project also 
has the possibility to cause undue stress for customers and the restaurant staff, which contradicts the code of ethics for computing professionals. 





